hello and welcome to videojug we're
going to make beef Bergen you'll a rich
French stew beef Bergen young gained its
flavor from the marinated meat with the
addition of shallots and button
mushrooms near the end of the cooking
time it makes a perfect winter's meal
step 1 you will need the following
ingredients to serve four to six people
1 kilogram of beef cubed and for the
marinade 2 carrots peeled and diced four
cloves of garlic 4 celery stalks chopped
a few sprigs of thyme a few sprigs of
parsley 2 bay leaves 1 tablespoon of
black peppercorns a few allspice kernels
60 milliliters of vegetable oil 50 grams
of butter 200 grams of button mushrooms
8 shallots peeled 1 tablespoon of tomato
puree 750 milliliters of red wine 4
tablespoons of flour 300 milliliters of
beef stock 4 rashers of bacon cut into
pieces 60 milliliters of brandy 2
tablespoons of chopped parsley and some
salt and pepper here is a quick list of
the ingredients
you will also need the following
utensils two bowls a sip two trays a set
of tongs a slotted spoon a saucepan a
wooden spoon a frying pan some paper
towels a small cheesecloth some string
some cling film and a pair of scissors
step to make the herb sachet into the
center of the cheesecloth place the
thyme bay leaves parsley allspice and
the black pepper now tie it with a
string and set it aside
step three marinate the ingredients
place the meat into a large bowl
follow with the carrots garlic celery
and the sachet
pour over the wine
and cover with cling film place it into
the fridge overnight to marinate step 4
preheat the oven set your oven to 170
degrees centigrade or gas mark 3 step 5
prepare the ingredients once your meat
is marinated unwrap it and pour it
through the sieve into another Bowl
below
remove the sachet
and put the meat onto a tray leaving the
liquid in the bowl and the vegetables in
the sieve step 6
season the meat with some kitchen towel
now pat dry the meat and season it with
salt then pepper sprinkle some flour
over it
and mix it all in with your hands to
ensure that all the meat cubes are well
coated step 7
Brown the meat place a saucepan onto a
high heat and allow it to warm through
add some oil
and a knob of butter when melted add the
meat with your tongs you may have to
cook it in batches depending on the size
of your pan
take your time to brown the meat nicely
on all sides as it will give the meat a
deeper flavor
when fully browned remove the meat and
place it onto a tray
add some more oil and butter as needed
before browning the remaining meat
step 8 cook the stew when all the meat
is brown add the bacon and let it crisp
a little
add the vegetables from the marinade
and let them cook for a few minutes next
add the tomato puree stir
and add the brandy then spoon all the
meat back into the pan and cover it with
the red wine mix that you use to
marinate the meat
put in the stock
and finally add the herbs sachet
bring it to a simmer and cover it with
the lid
now place it into the oven to cook for
two and a half to three hours or until
the beef is super tender step 9 Brown
the mushrooms and shallots place a
frying pan on a high heat add some oil
and some butter
and throw in all the mushrooms depending
on the size of your pen
toss them occasionally to help them
Brown evenly
season with salt and pepper
and add more butter and oil if needed
when nicely browned remove them from the
pen
place the pan back onto the heat drop in
a little more butter add the shallots
and let them Brown a little then remove
them from the pan and put them alongside
the mushrooms
step 10 add the remaining ingredients 30
minutes before the beef is ready add the
mushrooms and the shallots to the stew
cook for the remaining time with a pan
uncovered as the rich aroma of the wine
permeates the house step 11 garnish and
serve when cooked remove it from the
oven
take out the sachet and discard sprinkle
in the parsley
and serve as a hearty meal on its own or
with some fluffy mashed potatoes and
that's how to make beef burger you'll
enjoy
you